source_url: https://asucla.ucla.edu/ucla/ucla-dining-hall
source_type: student_guide

At UCLA there are three main dining halls located on the Hill where all of the UCLA dorms and residential living areas are located. Each UCLA dining hall serves different food and has a unique aesthetic.

De Neve
The De Neve dining hall serves a variety of North, South and Central American food, ranging from Cincinnati-style chili and midwest pepper steak to a selection of burgers, fried chicken, pizza and more. There is also a flex bar that includes a salad bar, fruits and vegetarian options. De Neve is known as the traditional UCLA dining hall with classic American dishes and college students cravings. De Neve also serves De Neve Late Night which are extended hours after dinner for the dining hall. Late night runs until around 2am on weekdays and is popular with students studying or coming back from events.

Bruin Plate
Bruin Plate is known as the healthy dining hall that serves seasonal fresh dishes. Some popular items include roasted herb chicken, arugula-topped flatbread, baked potatoes and yams, tuna poke bowls and more. This UCLA dining hall does not serve soda but rather fruit-infused water such as pineapple, lime or strawberry water. Bruin Plate also hosts different food-themed days such as garlic day or strawberry day where all of their dishes incorporate the chosen ingredient. The hall is located slightly uphill from the other dorms which means it is a bit of a walk but most students say it is worth it for the food quality.

Epicuria at Covel
Epicuria at Covel is located on the Hill and serves high quality Mediterranean food. There is a fresh pasta bar with a choice between two sauces as well as a pizza section and more. There are two Epicuria locations at UCLA, one on the Hill and one on campus in Ackerman Union. Epicuria is generally considered one of the nicer dining hall experiences with a more upscale feel compared to De Neve.

Tips from students
Go to Bruin Plate before 6pm if you want to avoid the longest lines. De Neve Late Night is great after a long study session. Epicuria tends to have shorter lines than De Neve at dinner. If you have dietary restrictions Bruin Plate has the most options. The meal plan swipes are only usable at residential restaurants for dinner so plan accordingly if you live off campus.
