source_url: https://adminvc.ucla.edu/news-views/fall-2023/ucla-dining-named-best-nation-seventh-time
source_type: news

UCLA Dining named best in the nation for seventh time

For the fifth consecutive year, UCLA tops the Niche.com list of Best College Food in America. This is the seventh time in the past ten years that the campus dining program has been named number 1 in the annual rankings, which are based almost entirely on student survey results. The second factor, meal plan cost, accounts for 15 percent of the formula.

What makes UCLA such a culinary standout year after year? It is the strength of the entire team and the thoughtful care and innovation that goes into everything we do, said Al Ferrone, senior executive director of food and beverage. Food is an important part of the student experience and we do everything possible to bring students an incredible experience that they will remember long after they graduate from UCLA.

The UCLA Dining program comprises a robust collection of nearly a dozen quick-serve restaurants and all-you-care-to-eat dining halls. The style and quality of food is key but it is so much more than that. Each location also takes into account everything from atmosphere and ambiance to lighting, decor and comfort.

Bruin Plate emphasizes healthy eating. Student diners will find locally sourced produce and meats, sustainable seafood, unprocessed and preservative-free items, organic foods, nutrient-packed superfoods, and expanded vegetarian and vegan options. It also has communal tables and a private dining room for groups.

A short walk north will take you to The Study at Hedrick which is known for its artisan bakery, coffee and tea bar, 24-hour study space, private meeting rooms, free Wi-Fi, charging stations and comfy sofas and chairs.

The newest restaurant is Epicuria at Ackerman which opened in the student union in 2022 as a satellite location of Epicuria at Covel. The restaurant emphasizes simple Mediterranean cuisine and cooking methods in a comfortable setting.

UCLA serves more than 14500 thoughtfully prepared meals each day. The dining program works with local farmers and distributors to bring guests the best Southern California has to offer.
